hello good to all and sicam before people
let's put ourselves here today on the map
this one of the ruins because for me it is
important with regard to what is the
history of extinction of aliens
look good I was here looking at the
map because the ruins were here and in
a principle because I did not know if hector
Aztecs if this was beyond, but seeing
this head here that I was talking about
with less than you know my friend me nine
Mexicans as it turns out that this
head is the Olmec
and the Olmec this civilization was the
first the first one that was before the
Mayas and the Aztecs
these heads represent the
Olmec civilization worth them
they used many volcanic stones and
that then commercialized a lot with
minerals from land
volcanic is not why you see here the
volcanoes would be the background
Well, I wanted to say a more or less
well that the origin of this map of
where does it come from because many
surely it will have happened like me
you will have made a little head
not a mess and well, what do they have to
see the Olmecs with all this history
of those of the aliens of those of
extinction
in my point of view it is as always
you know I can make a mistake but good
here we are all for our opinion
and I want to show you this
look at this well, you know what it is
the predictor not the image of predator
because this image is here you go to
say good this is that they give you in
multiplayer the streak is there you get the
predator but that goes further goes
beyond that simple streak
well that they did here a
monument to the predator this according to my
point of view and think if the Olmecs
they were before the Aztecs and the Mayans
and as you already know in the cinematics of
extinction you see the calendar and not only
the cinematic but otherwise on the map
night falls the Aztec calendar is seen
making reference to the
apocalypse that I was going to see worth 11 of the
5 apocalypse
well then
I believe that from the first moment
Olmecs already knew of the existence of
these beings
remember how good you know they are
cryptids but before those cryptids
that were inside the earth
living
they had to come from somewhere
from where outside the earth
aliens were aliens in a
principle and I think that this monument
what they did here was due to that
to what they saw that these
beings that this this civilization saw
before they went inside the
earth those cristinos is worth I think that
It could be that way, I think I could
be like that then they saw these
beings and they made this monument
here you see the calendar up here
as if that were not a prophecy
here you see again these again
remains of the cristinos that what
they were here that they died
who killed them looks like they were
Here, too, the
they had to kill him because if you can not
supposedly yes
they would have killed them not, or maybe
they became extinct this civilization
civilization was extinguished by this
aliens for these critics we are
talking about this is a game it's worth
it's not reality but good talking
of the game because it could have been like that
here you see him again they made him another
they made monuments to this these
aliens here to the predictor predator
you looked here people here you have my point
in view of what all this is that
surely they saw them coming and
that's why they put him there they did
the monuments
here it is seen again as a kind of
altar again you see those heads
there you see again there that cryptic
there again it would be the remains
of the cristinos and posts in the nest
this good that you already know that we give and
hurt us he got that from the eggs a
egg devastation but good
here is in the ruin here is your
possible connection his I think about his
direct connection with what is the
history of extinction
what do you think you give like
subscribe and until the next video